README.md, before:

# XenMenu Localization
If you'd like to make an addition to this repository, please don't hesitate to submit a pull request. If you're not sure how to do this, please have a look at [this GitHub help article](https://help.github.com/articles/editing-files-in-another-user-s-repository/).

### Notes
- Please make sure the encoding of your file is UTF-8. If the encoding is not UTF-8, the translation will fail to load. You will know if the encoding is incorrect when you see characters like "�" appear where special characters like "ü" should appear.
- Please make sure the JSON syntax is correct. You can check this by using [JSON Lint](https://jsonlint.com/). If the JSON syntax is incorrect, the translation will fail to load. If JSON Lint displays any validation errors, please make sure to fix them before submitting a pull request or commit.
- Please make sure to keep your language updated. The menu is updating often and new entries are added before a new update is released. Please make sure the new entries are translated before the update is released. We appreciate your continued language support.
- If you have any suggestions regarding changed formatting (colors, wording, etc.) please contact us (see below) about any changes you want to make, before making any changes. We'd like for all files to be as consistent as possible to make maintaining all files as easy as possible.
- Please do not remove existing authors when updating files. You are always free to make edits to existing languages, but that does not mean you get to be the sole author of the language. Feel free to add yourself to the author line, though!
- Should there be any doubt about formality, choose an informal method of addressing the user. Please do not contact us with other language-specific questions. You are the translator and should be able to translate correctly.

### Contact
If you're running into issues regarding translations or have general questions, feel free to contact **Senex** on our [Discord](https://xenmenu.com/discord/) or here on GitHub (via **@Senexis**). 

### Credits
We appreciate all of you who made a contribution!

- **Translation Manager:** Senex
- **Autistic:** DomBooker ⭐
- **Czech**: SkyCityCZ
- **Dutch:** 7eye^^ & Senex
- **Finnish:** DNSMaster
- **French:** L3GRIB & Pam
- **German:** RainerReinfall & triniox & BlackDeer
- **Italian:** davidebic
- **Malay:** Muz
- **Polish:** KoriaN
- **Portuguese:** GuYodaGCS
- **Romanian:** xVince
- **Russian:** lenololy
- **Spanish:** Rysholt & Zmyle_
- **Traditional Chinese:** XavierDolan
- **Turkish:** dermancolak

Commit message:

Add a "Testing" instruction thingy.
Yes that is a professional term. Shut up.

README.md, after:

# XenMenu Localization
If you'd like to make an addition to this repository, please don't hesitate to submit a pull request. If you're not sure how to do this, please have a look at [this GitHub help article](https://help.github.com/articles/editing-files-in-another-user-s-repository/).

### Notes
- Please make sure the encoding of your file is UTF-8. If the encoding is not UTF-8, the translation will fail to load. You will know if the encoding is incorrect when you see characters like "�" appear where special characters like "ü" should appear.
- Please make sure the JSON syntax is correct. You can check this by using [JSON Lint](https://jsonlint.com/). If the JSON syntax is incorrect, the translation will fail to load. If JSON Lint displays any validation errors, please make sure to fix them before submitting a pull request or commit.
- Please make sure to keep your language updated. The menu is updating often and new entries are added before a new update is released. Please make sure the new entries are translated before the update is released. We appreciate your continued language support.
- If you have any suggestions regarding changed formatting (colors, wording, etc.) please contact us (see below) about any changes you want to make, before making any changes. We'd like for all files to be as consistent as possible to make maintaining all files as easy as possible.
- Please do not remove existing authors when updating files. You are always free to make edits to existing languages, but that does not mean you get to be the sole author of the language. Feel free to add yourself to the author line, though!
- Should there be any doubt about formality, choose an informal method of addressing the user. Please do not contact us with other language-specific questions. You are the translator and should be able to translate correctly.

### Testing your translation
To test your translation before making a commit, please see the instructions below.

1. Launch GTA V and inject XenMenu like normal. Don't open it yet.
2. Using Windows Explorer, browse to the XenMenu folder in your Documents.
3. Open the Translations folder, and paste your own translation file. Choose to overwrite any existing file that may exist.
4. Go back to GTA V and open XenMenu.
5. Go to Settings > Language and select the language you just updated or added.

### Contact
If you're running into issues regarding translations or have general questions, feel free to contact **Senex** on our [Discord](https://xenmenu.com/discord/) or here on GitHub (via **@Senexis**). 

### Credits
We appreciate all of you who made a contribution!

- **Translation Manager:** Senex
- **Autistic:** DomBooker ⭐
- **Czech**: SkyCityCZ
- **Dutch:** 7eye^^ & Senex
- **Finnish:** DNSMaster
- **French:** L3GRIB & Pam
- **German:** RainerReinfall & triniox & BlackDeer
- **Italian:** davidebic
- **Malay:** Muz
- **Polish:** KoriaN
- **Portuguese:** GuYodaGCS
- **Romanian:** xVince
- **Russian:** lenololy
- **Spanish:** Rysholt & Zmyle_
- **Traditional Chinese:** XavierDolan
- **Turkish:** dermancolak
